svgConverter
Summary
============
A script to convert SVG files to Raphael JS.
This was designed for SVG files generated by the Inkscape Vector Graphics program.
(inkscape.org)

Purpose
============
This script is designed to parse SVG files for conversion to the Raphael JS format.
Raphael JS 2.0 is a javascript library that generates and animates cross-browser friendly
vector graphics for the web. (raphaeljs.com)
Some SVG images have too many paths for manually copy-pasting into Raphael JS formatting.
This script reads the SVG file as XML and generates a Raphael JS canvas of the same size.
It then grabs all the 'path' elements in the SVG and their attributes, writing a javascript array
containing this data.  It ends by writing a javascript loop to draw each path on the Raphael JS
canvas.

Use
============
To prepare an SVG file in Inkscape for parsing:
-Select all, and then under the 'Path' top menu choose 'Object to Path'
-Eliminate all layers by copy-pasting all paths onto the blank page and deleting layers
-Select all paths and the 'Path' top menu choose 'Break Apart'

These steps will simplify the structure of the SVG file and allow the svgConverter to parse it easily.

When run, svgConverter.py will convert all SVG files in the same directory to Raphael JS format, 
saving the result in a new file without altering the original SVG.
In three steps:
1. Prepare an SVG file with Inkscape and put it in the same directory as svgConverter.py
2. Open a terminal in that directory.
3. With python installed, run svgConverter.py (type 'python svgConverter.py')

It will create a js file using the original SVG filename followed by '.converted.js'.


License
=============
Use or remix this code as you wish, it is now public domain.
(as of January, 2013)

Help
=============
Please send any concerns or suggestions to Flarnie Marchan via flarnie.com/contact


